Change getting started structure (#2175)
hyperledger-iroha/iroha-dco: docs/source/getting_started/cli-guide.rst

CLI guide: sending your first transactions and queries
======================================================

You can interact with Iroha using various ways. You can use our client libraries
to write code in various programming languages (e.g. Java, Python, Javascript,
Swift) which communicates with Iroha. Alternatively, you can use ``iroha-cli`` –
our command-line tool for interacting with Iroha. As a part of this guide,
let's get familiar with ``iroha-cli``

.. Attention:: Despite that ``iroha-cli`` is arguably the simplest way to start

>   working with Iroha, ``iroha-cli`` was engineered very fast and lacks tests,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  working with Iroha, ``iroha-cli`` covers only a part of possible commands/queries
```
I suggest paraphrasing

Reviewer 2: Got it. Will fix.

>   so user experience might not be the best. For example, the order of menu items

Reviewer: Please put a new sentence to a new line.

  can differ from that you see in this guide. In the future, we will deliver a

>   better version and appreciate contributions.

Reviewer: I prefer not to say anything about iroha-cli future. 
Contributions are welcome - that is true

Reviewer 2: Okey :)

.. raw:: html

  <script src="https://asciinema.org/a/6dFA3CWHQOgaYbKfQXtzApDob.js" id="asciicast-6dFA3CWHQOgaYbKfQXtzApDob" async></script>

Open a new terminal (note that Iroha container and ``irohad`` should be up and
running) and attach to an ``iroha`` docker container:

.. code-block:: shell

  docker exec -it iroha /bin/bash

Now you are in the interactive shell of Iroha's container again. We need to
launch ``iroha-cli`` and pass an account name of the desired user. In our example,

> the account ``admin`` is already created in a ``test`` domain. Let's use this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the account ``admin`` is already created in the ``test`` domain. Let's use this
```

so we can do everything in one shot. Type ``add``.

Now try adding some ``coolcoins`` to our account. Select ``16. Add Asset
Quantity (add_ast_qty)``, enter Account ID – ``admin@test``, asset ID –
``coolcoin#test``, integer part and precision. For example, to add 200.50
``coolcoins``, we need to enter integer part as ``20050`` and precision as
``2``, so it becomes ``200.50``.

.. note:: Full asset name has a ``#`` symbol between name and domain.

Let's transfer 100.50 ``coolcoins`` from ``admin@test`` to ``test@test``
by adding one more command and choosing ``5. Transfer Assets (tran_ast)``.
Enter Source Account and Destination Account, in our case ``admin@test`` and
``test@test``, Asset ID (``coolcoin#test``), integer part and precision
(``10050`` and ``2`` accordingly).

Now we need to send our transaction to Iroha peer (``2. Send to Iroha peer
(send)``). Enter peer address (in our case ``localhost``) and port (``50051``).
Congratulations, your transaction is submitted and you can see your transaction
hash. You can use it to check transaction's status.

Go back to a terminal where ``irohad`` is running. You can see logs of your
transaction.

> Congratulations! You have submitted your first transaction to Iroha.

Reviewer: Too many congratulations. Can we replace some of them with .. (idk what will be the best replacement)?

Creating the First Query
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Now let's check if ``coolcoins`` were successfully transferred from
``admin@test`` to ``test@test``. Choose ``2. New query
(qry)``. ``7. Get Account's Assets (get_acc_ast)`` can help you to check if
``test@test`` now has ``coolcoin``. Form a query in a similar way you did with
commands you did with commands and ``1. Send to Iroha peer (send)``. Now you
can see information about how many ``coolcoin`` does ``test@test`` have.
It will look similar to this:

.. code::

  [2018-03-21 12:33:23.179275525][th:36][info] QueryResponseHandler [Account Assets]
  [2018-03-21 12:33:23.179329199][th:36][info] QueryResponseHandler -Account Id:- test@test
  [2018-03-21 12:33:23.179338394][th:36][info] QueryResponseHandler -Asset Id- coolcoin#test
  [2018-03-21 12:33:23.179387969][th:36][info] QueryResponseHandler -Balance- 100.50``

> Congratulations! You have submitted your first query to Iroha and got a

Reviewer: congratulations again (4th time)
